# Web-Scraping
There were 4 webpages that needed to be scraped to get the required data, namely - Glassdoor, CareerBuilder, Dice and Indeed. The general idea, what a job seeker does while seeking a job was implemented. First, the job seeker will open the job page. Next, the job role will be entered, and after one presses “Search” then it will show the results in the form of list which can go across multiple pages. 
I started my first step in my capstone project with creating a program that iterates through a list of job inputs. Later I had to research for what are the different ways one can mine texts. I tested different packages in python- beautiful soup, selenium, requests. I started with beautiful soup and requests, as they were more convenient and easier to use. However, I noticed, whenever the site used JavaScript, it turned out difficult to scrape, as the content got hidden. Finally, I started using selenium. The main thing I liked is selenium opens a page of the website we want to scrape in its own window and that makes its easier as the data rendered by JavaScript’s link can be automated with button clicks in selenium and can be extracted later. With the help of selenium I extracted the job description of first 100 job listed by providing the “xpath()” of the job description . Where xpath is a selenium technique to navigate through a page’s HTML structure. Finally, I used the NLP toolkit which is available in python to convert those descriptions into a list of words in form of skill and responsibilities. During the NLP process, I learned various techniques such as tokenization, Lemmatization and Stemming. 
